how
Shin Shin don't sleep
It's me it's me
Moxie Moxie
Moxie, you grab it first
How was the lady yesterday?
Well, the woman didn't have an answer.
It's just a connection.
You should wake up soon.
Lu Xinhan, why is it you?
Not who I am
Otherwise, I thought it was you who revived your old love
Why were you there yesterday?
Didn't you call me?
Mr. Lu, thank you.
Thank me thank me but I need sincerity
Well, I'm a little dizzy.
I'll go first
Hey sir
Do you need to treat your wound yesterday?
You are hurt.
Don't think too much about it. It has nothing to do with you.
here
I don't know, care
Lu Qinghan, thank you for saving me
It's just that you have Mo Belong
Pardon me?
I'll be right there.